 CONFLUENT PLATFORM SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
Last Updated: February 1, 2022
 NOT TO BE EDITED
This Subscription Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by and between Confluent and the purchaser or user of Confluent Platform Subscriptions or related services that accepts the terms of this Agreement (“Customer”). “Confluent” means Confluent, Inc., located at 899 West Evelyn Avenue, Mountain View, CA 94041. “Your”, “You” and “Customer” are used interchangeably throughout the Agreement and have the same meaning. The effective date of this Agreement (“Effective Date”) is the earlier of the date that Customer accepts the terms of this Agreement or commences use of any of the Confluent products and services that are governed by this Agreement.
By entering into an Order referencing these terms with either Confluent or a Confluent-authorized reseller, or by using the Confluent Platform or related services governed by these terms, you are agreeing to and accepting the terms of this Agreement. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of an entity, then you represent and agree that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to this Agreement. If you do not accept the terms of this Agreement, then you cannot use the Confluent Software, Support Services, or related services.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is a written agreement between Confluent and Customer that addresses the subject matter covered by these terms, then such agreement shall govern rather than these terms.
    1. SUBSCRIPTION, LICENSE AND SUPPORT
1.1 Subscription and License. Orders entered into by Customer will specify the Subscription purchased by Customer, associated Support Services, plus any related services purchased thereunder. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Order, Confluent grants to Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non- sublicensable, non-transferable license during the subscription term specified in the applicable Order to install and use Confluent Software solely for Customer’s internal business operations.
1.2 Affiliates and Service Providers. Customer may permit its Affiliates to use Subscriptions purchased by Customer hereunder, provided that (i) Customer shall remain responsible for each such Affiliate’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) any such use together with Customer’s use must be, in the aggregate, within the limitations set forth in the applicable Order. Customer may permit its third-party service providers to install and use the Confluent Software to provide outsourced services to Customer, and Customer will be solely responsible for such service provider’s compliance with this Agreement.
1.3 Additional Restrictions on Use. Customer shall not, and shall not permit or encourage any third party to: (a) use the Confluent Software for third-party training, software-as-a-service, time-sharing or service bureau use or (b) disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any portions of the Confluent Software that are not provided in source code format, or otherwise attempt to gain access to the source code to such Confluent Software (or the underlying ideas, algorithms, structure or organization of the object code in the Confluent Software). The foregoing restriction is inapplicable to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
1.4 Copies. Customer may make copies of the Confluent Software as reasonably necessary to exercise the license granted in section 1.1, and a reasonable number of back-up or archival copies, provided that each such copy
   (v. February 2022) Page 1 of 7

 shall include Confluent’s copyright and any other proprietary notices that appear on the original copies of the Confluent Software.
1.5 Confluent Audit Rights. Confluent reserves the right, upon prior notice to Customer and during normal business hours, to audit Customer’s usage of the Confluent Software and Customer’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Confluent determines as a result of such audit that any fees are due from Customer to Confluent under the terms of this Agreement, Customer shall immediately pay such amounts due along with interest in an amount equal to one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the underpayment per month, or at the highest interest rate permitted by applicable law, whichever is less, calculated monthly from the date the underpayment was due until the date payment is made; and if such amount exceeds five percent (5%) of the cumulative fees previously paid under this Agreement, Customer shall reimburse Confluent for the reasonable cost of such audit.
1.6 Reservation of Rights. Confluent reserves all rights not expressly granted in this section. No rights are granted by implication.
1.7 Delivery of Materials. The Confluent Software, and any versions, updates or maintenance releases of any component thereof, will be delivered only through an electronic transfer. The parties shall reasonably cooperate to effectuate such delivery via FTP or other reasonable means.
1.8 Support Services. Confluent will provide the Support Services purchased by Customer as specified in the applicable Order.
2. USAGE DATA. Confluent may from time to time use and process data about Customer’s use of the Confluent Platform for the purposes of creating statistics and analytics data and providing proactive support. Confluent will use such data only for its own business purposes, including to maintain and improve the Confluent Platform and other services and to monitor and analyse its activities in connection with the performance of such services. Customer acknowledges that certain features of the Confluent Platform may be configured to collect and report telemetry data to Confluent as more particularly described in More Information Regarding Confluent Data Collection located on Confluent’s website. Customer may enable or disable transmission of this data to Confluent at any time.
3. ORDERS, FEES AND RELATED
3.1 Orders Generally. All Orders are subject to the terms of this Agreement and are not binding until accepted by Confluent. All Orders are non-cancelable and non-refundable (except as expressly stated in this Agreement).
3.2 Indirect Orders. Sections 3.3 to 3.5 apply only to Orders placed directly with Confluent. If Customer purchases through a reseller, Customer will pay such reseller for such purchase and different terms may apply.
3.3 Fees and Payment. Customer shall pay Confluent the fees in the amount set forth in the applicable Order in accordance with the Order terms.
3.4 Taxes. Customer shall, in addition to the other amounts payable under this Agreement, pay all applicable customs, duties, sales, use, value added, withholding, or other taxes, federal, state or otherwise, however designated, which are levied or imposed because of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
       (v. February 2022) Page 2 of 7

 excluding only taxes based on Confluent’s net income. If Customer is compelled to make a deduction or set- off for any such taxes, it will pay to Confluent such additional amounts as are necessary to ensure receipt by Confluent of the full amount Confluent would have received but for the deduction.
3.5 Payment Terms. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order, all amounts payable to Confluent under this Agreement will be due within thirty (30) days from the date of an invoice. In addition, Confluent reserves the right to immediately suspend Customer’s license to the Confluent Software upon notice to Customer for any failure by Customer to pay any amount due and payable hereunder in accordance with this section.
4. OWNERSHIP. Confluent or its licensors retain all rights, title and interest, in and to all intellectual property rights in the Confluent Software, including all related and underlying technology and Documentation; and any derivative works, changes, corrections, bug fixes, enhancements, updates and other modifications, or improvements of any of the foregoing (“Modifications”), (collectively, “Confluent Materials”). Except for the express limited rights set forth under this Agreement, no right, title or interest in any Confluent Materials is granted to Customer. Customer acknowledges that the licenses granted in section 1.1 do not include the right to prepare any Modifications of the Confluent Materials. Confluent reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. No rights are granted by implication or estoppel.
5. CONFIDENTIALITY
5.1 Confidentiality Obligations. Each party shall retain in confidence the non-public information and know-how disclosed or made available by the other party pursuant to this Agreement which is either designated in writing as proprietary and/or confidential, if disclosed in writing, or if disclosed orally, is designated in writing (which may be via email) as confidential within thirty (30) days of the oral disclosure or should reasonably be understood to be confidential by the recipient (“Confidential Information”). The Confluent Software, Modifications, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be Confluent's Confidential Information regardless of whether marked as such. Each party agrees to: (a) maintain the confidentiality of the other party’s Confidential Information; (b) refrain from using the other party’s Confidential Information except for the purpose of performing its obligations under this Agreement; and (c) not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party except to its and its Affiliate’s employees, subcontractors and agents as is reasonably required in connection with this Agreement and who are subject to confidentiality obligations at least as protective as those set forth in this section. The foregoing obligations will not apply to Confidential Information of the other party which (i) is or becomes publicly known without breach of this Agreement; (ii) is discovered or created by the receiving party without use of, or reference to, the Confidential Information of the disclosing party, as shown in records of the receiving party; or (iii) is otherwise known to the receiving party without confidentiality restrictions and through no wrongful conduct of the receiving party.. Receiving party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by law or court order if the receiving party provides prompt notice and reasonable assistance to the disclosing party to enable the disclosing party to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure; and provided that any information so disclosed retains its confidentiality protections for all other purposes.
5.2 Injunctive Relief. Any breach or threatened breach of this section may cause irreparable injury to the disclosing party and that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available, in law, in equity or otherwise, the disclosing party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against the threatened breach of this Agreement or the continuation of any such breach by the receiving party, without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting any bond, in addition to any other rights or remedies provided by law.
   (v. February 2022) Page 3 of 7

 6. WARRANTY
6.1 Warranties. Confluent represents and warrants that (i) it shall perform Support Services in a professional manner, employing a standard of care, skill and diligence consistent with industry standards, and (ii) for a period of thirty (30) days after the first delivery of the Confluent Software by Confluent to Customer, the Confluent Software in the form delivered by Confluent to Customer, will perform in all material respects in accordance with the written documentation therefor. This limited warranty shall not apply if the Confluent Software has been altered or modified; or used, adjusted, installed or operated other than in accordance with this Agreement or the instructions furnished by Confluent.
6.2 Exclusive Remedies. Confluent’s sole liability and Customer’s exclusive remedies under the warranties set forth above will be to correct any failure of the Confluent Software to conform to its written documentation or to re-perform the Support Services in accordance with the requirements stated in the Support Services policy, as applicable. The foregoing warranties will not apply unless Customer notifies Confluent of the nonconformity in writing within thirty (30) days of the date on which Customer first became aware of such nonconformity.
6.3 Disclaimer of Any Other Warranties. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS, LIMITED WARRANTIES STATED IN SECTION 6.1, CONFLUENT MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE CONFLUENT SOFTWARE OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR SUPPORT SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER. CONFLUENT SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE CONFLUENT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
7. INFRINGEMENT INDEMNIFICATION. Confluent will defend Customer from and against any claim, demand or lawsuit brought against Customer by a third party alleging that the Confluent Platform, as provided to Customer by Confluent and used pursuant to this Agreement, infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights, and Confluent will pay such damages or costs as are finally awarded against Customer attributable to such action, provided that Customer gives Confluent: (a) notification in writing of any such action within sixty (60) days of Customer’s receipt thereof; (b) sole control of the defense or settlement of such action (provided any settlement releases Customer from all liability); and (c) all reasonable information and assistance, at Confluent’s expense. If the Confluent Platform becomes, or in the opinion of Confluent is likely to become, the subject of such an infringement claim, Confluent shall, at its option, either: (i) procure for Customer the right to use the allegedly infringing element of the Confluent Platform, at no charge to Customer; (ii) replace or modify, in whole or in part, the Confluent Platform to make it non-infringing; or (iii) if neither (i) or (ii) are commercially available, terminate the applicable Order, accept return of the Confluent Platform, band refund a pro rata portion of the fees paid by Customer for the then-current Subscription term. Confluent assumes no liability hereunder for any claim of infringement if such claim is based on: (a) use of software other than a current unaltered release of the Confluent Platform, as provided by Confluent to Customer; (b) the combination, operation or use of the Confluent Platform, with non-Confluent programs or hardware, if the claim would not have arisen but for such combination, operation or use; (c) any alteration or modification of the Confluent Platform by a party other than Confluent, (d) the public open source versions of Apache Kafka or any other Third Party Software, or (e) use of the Confluent Platform, or any component thereof, other than in accordance with and pursuant to this Agreement. THIS SECTION SETS FORTH CONFLUENT’S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION AND CUSTOMER’S SOLE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM OF INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
   (v. February 2022) Page 4 of 7

 8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
8.1 NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT LIMITS EITHER PARTY’S (I) LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (II) LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, (III) LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF SECTIONS 1.2 (LICENSE TERMS), 1.3 (ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON USE) OR 5 (CONFIDENTIALITY), OR (IV) OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 7 (INFRINGEMENT INDEMNIFICATION).
8.2 EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8.1,
9.
9.1 9.2
9.3
10.
10.1
(A) NEITHER PARTY (NOR ITS SUPPLIERS) WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR FOR LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS, CONTRACTS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, PRODUCTION, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, OR LOSS OF DATA, OR FOR ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND BY ANY OTHER PARTY, HOWEVER CAUSED, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY, AND
(B) IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY’S LIABILITY ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.
TERM AND TERMINATION
Term. This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will remain in effect until terminated as specified below.
Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement and any Order upon breach by the other party of any material obligation under this Agreement which has not been cured within thirty (30) days after providing written notice of such breach to the other party. Confluent may also terminate this Agreement immediately if Customer: (a) terminates or suspends its business; (b) becomes subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding under Federal or state statute; (c) becomes insolvent or subject to direct control by a trustee, receiver or similar authority; or (d) has wound up or liquidated, voluntarily or otherwise.
Effect of Termination. The provisions of this Agreement that by their nature extend beyond the termination of this Agreement will survive termination.
MISCELLANEOUS
Assignment. Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether by operation of law or otherwise, to any third party without Confluent’s prior written consent, except to an Affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. Any purported transfer, assignment or delegation without such prior written consent will be void and of no force or effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party shall have the right to assign this Agreement to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. Subject to this section, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
   (v. February 2022) Page 5 of 7

 10.2 Entire Agreement; Modification; Waiver. This Agreement, together with and inclusive of the applicable Order and any referenced exhibits addendums and any incorporated terms, represents the entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, written or oral, with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement, and is not intended to confer upon any third party any rights or remedies hereunder. Customer acknowledges that it has not entered in this Agreement based on any representations other than those contained herein. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties. Any different or additional terms of any Customer purchase order or confirmation even if signed by the parties shall have no force or effect. The waiver of one breach or default or any delay in exercising any rights shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default.
10.3 Third Party Software. Confluent also makes available certain Third Party Software. The Third Party Software shall be subject to the applicable open source license(s) and not this Agreement. To the extent the terms of open source licenses applicable to Third Party Software prohibit any of the restrictions in this Agreement, such restrictions will not apply to such Third Party Software. To the extent the terms of open source licenses applicable to Third Party Software require Confluent to make an offer to provide source code or related information in connection with the Third Party Software, such offer is made.
10.4 Delays. In the event that either party is prevented from performing or is unable to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (other than any payment obligation) due to any Act of God, fire, casualty, flood, earthquake, war, strike, lockout, epidemic, destruction of production facilities, riot, insurrection, material unavailability, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the party invoking this section, and if such party shall have used its commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate its effects, such party shall give prompt written notice to the other party, and the time for the performance shall be extended for the period of delay or inability to perform due to such occurrences.
10.5 Governing Law. This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the State of California without reference to its principles of conflicts of laws. All disputes arising out of this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts within Santa Clara County, California. Customer hereby consents to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of these courts. The parties hereby disclaim and exclude the application hereto of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
10.6 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable under applicable law by a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall be replaced with the valid provision that most closely reflects the intent of the parties and the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
10.7 Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as creating an agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between the parties hereto. Neither party shall have any right or authority to assume or create any obligations or to make any representations or warranties on behalf of any other party, whether express or implied, or to bind the other party in any respect whatsoever. Each party may identify the other as a customer or supplier, as applicable.
10.8 Publicity. Confluent may use and display Customer’s name and logo on the Confluent website and in Confluent marketing and sales materials for the Confluent Platform.
10.9 Notices. Confluent will provide any required written notice to Customer under this Agreement by sending the notice by email to the email address that Customer provides to Confluent for its account. To provide
       (v. February 2022) Page 6 of 7

 written notice to Confluent under this Agreement, Customer must send the notice, expressly referencing this Agreement and Section with respect to which Customer is providing notice, by email to legal@confluent.io.
10.10 Export Law Assurances. Customer understands that the Confluent Software is subject to export control laws and regulations. Customer may not download or otherwise export or re-export the Confluent Software or any underlying information or technology except in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including United States export control laws. None of the Confluent Software or any underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported: (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of specially designated nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s list of prohibited countries or debarred or denied persons or entities. Customer hereby agrees to the foregoing and represents and warrants that customer is not located in, under control of, or a national or resident of any such country nor on any such list.
10.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.
10.12 Construction. The titles and section headings used in this Agreement are for ease of reference only and shall not be used in the interpretation or construction of this Agreement. No rule of construction resolving any ambiguity in favor of the non-drafting party shall be applied hereto.
11. DEFINITIONS
11.1 “Affiliate” means any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where “control” means direct or indirect ownership of more than 50% of the voting interests of the entity.
11.2 “Confluent Platform” is Confluent Software together with Apache KafkaTM.
11.3 “Confluent Software” means Confluent’s proprietary software that is licensed and used pursuant to a Subscription and the applicable Order.
11.4 “Documentation” means the published documentation describing the functionality of the Confluent Software located at https://docs.confluent.io/current/.
11.5 “Order” means an ordering document for a Subscription, and/or any professional advisory and training services, entered into by Customer with either Confluent or a Confluent-authorized reseller.
11.6 “Subscription” means Customer’s right to receive the Support Services for the Confluent Platform and a license to use Confluent Software, in accordance with the applicable Order and as described in the applicable Confluent Platform product definitions and rules posted at confluent.io/contracts.
11.7 “Support Services” means the applicable support and maintenance service that Customer purchases, as may be more fully described in the applicable Order.
11.8 “Third Party Software” means certain third party open source software that is made available by Confluent as identified in the applicable help, notices, about or source file.
          (v. February 2022) Page 7 of 7
